# Minutes - 2026-01-28

## Meeting Info

* **Date:** 2026-01-22
* **Time:** 1:30-2:30
* **Location:** Library
* **Note-taker:** John Donnell
* **Week #:** 1

## Attendees

* **Present:** Dow Cox, John Donnell, Austin DuCrest, Cole Wilson
* **Absent:** Aaron Neuharth
* **Quorum met:** Yes

## Agenda (brief)

* Clarify board layout

## Discussion Notes (brief)

* Reviewed board layout questions and routing concerns.
* Net labeling added for specific routes to improve readability and verification.
* Voltage test points reviewed and clarified.
* Pin layouts for select components confirmed against schematics/datasheets.

## Decisions

> All group decisions are logged below, including confirmations.

|  # | Decision                                            | Outcome | Notes                                    |
| -: | --------------------------------------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------- |
|  1 | Add net labeling for identified routes              | Yes     | Improves clarity during review/debugging |
|  2 | Use agreed voltage test points as discussed         | Yes     | Matches schematic expectations           |
|  3 | Approve clarified pin layouts for listed components | Yes     | No conflicts found                       |

## Action Items

* Update PCB with finalized net labels - **Owner:** John - **Due:** Next meeting
* Verify voltage points in layout vs schematic - **Owner:** Austin - **Due:** Next meeting

## Next Meeting

* **Planned:** Next week (TBD)
* **Tentative agenda:** Layout verification and remaining routing issues




